DOCSUP-5911: Docs for limit and offset settings (#23519)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: `0`.

## limit {#limit}

> Sets the number of rows to get from the query result. It adjust the limit previously set by the [LIMIT](../../sql-reference/statements/select/limit.md#limit-clause) clause.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum number of rows to get from the query result. It adjusts the value set by the [LIMIT](../../sql-reference/statements/select/limit.md#limit-clause) clause, so that the limit, set in the expression, cannot exceed the limit, set by this setting.

```

Possible values:

> -   0 — Disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   0 — The number of rows is not limited.
```

-   Positive integer.

Default value: `0`.

## offset {#offset}

> Sets the number of rows to skip before starting to return rows from the query. It adjust the offset previously set by the [OFFSET](../../sql-reference/statements/select/offset.md#offset-fetch) clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the number of rows to skip before starting to return rows from the query. It adjusts the offset set by the [OFFSET](../../sql-reference/statements/select/offset.md#offset-fetch) clause.
```

Possible values:

> -   0 — Disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   0 — No rows are skipped .
```
